MTA-6893 Document Hub OIDC authentication (#382)
migtools/mta-documentation: assemblies/mta-install-title/assembly_basic-authentication-local-users.adoc

:_newdoc-version: 2.18.5
:_template-generated: 2025-07-31
:_mod-docs-content-type: ASSEMBLY

ifdef::context[:parent-context-of-basic-authentication-local-users: {context}]

ifndef::context[]
[id="basic-authentication-local-users"]
endif::[]
ifdef::context[]
[id="basic-authentication-local-users_{context}"]
endif::[]
= Basic authentication for local users

:context: basic-authentication-local-users

[role="_abstract"]

> Administrators can use a simple authentication workflow to manage users, roles, role-based access control (RBAC) permissions in the {ProductShortName} inventory with no added infrastructure requirements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As an administrator, you can use a simple authentication workflow to manage users, roles, and role-based access control (RBAC) permissions in the {ProductShortName} inventory with no added infrastructure requirements.
```

Try to use second person as it helps create a more engaging, active tone for the user... like you do in the following abstract. i know it is difficult to keep track in a large PR like this
